UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static         
-.mount                                    generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static         
dev-mqueue.mount                           static         
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static         
run-rpc_pipefs.mount                       static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static         
acpid.path                                 enabled        
cups.path                                  enabled        
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static         
session-2.scope                            transient      
session-c1.scope                           transient      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
acpid.service                              disabled       
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
brltty-udev.service                        static         
brltty.service                             disabled       
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
cups-browsed.service                       enabled        
cups.service                               enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
dns-clean.service                          enabled        
emergency.service                          static         
flatpak-system-helper.service              static         
fprintd.service                            static         
friendly-recovery.service                  static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fuse.service                               masked         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
gpu-manager.service                        enabled        
grub-common.service                        generated      
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
irqbalance.service                         enabled        
kerneloops.service                         enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
lighttpd.service                           enabled        
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd-news.service                          static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
nfs-common.service                         masked         
nfs-config.service                         static         
nfs-idmapd.service                         static         
nfs-utils.service                          static         
ondemand.service                           enabled        
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled       
openvpn.service                            enabled        
openvpn@.service                           disabled       
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
portmap.service                            enabled        
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rpc-gssd.service                           static         
rpc-statd-notify.service                   disabled       
rpc-statd.service                          disabled       
rpc-svcgssd.service                        static         
rpcbind.service                            enabled        
rsync.service                              enabled        
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
setvtrgb.service                           enabled        
single.service                             masked         
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled        
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled        
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled        
snapd.failure.service                      static         
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled        
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled        
snapd.service                              enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static         
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled        
speech-dispatcher.service                  generated      
spice-vdagent.service                      enabled        
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
thermald.service                           enabled        
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
ufw.service                                enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
ureadahead-stop.service                    static         
ureadahead.service                         enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user@.service                              static         
uuidd.service                              indirect       
vboxadd-service.service                    enabled        
vboxadd.service                            enabled        
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
machine.slice                              static         
system.slice                               static         
user-1000.slice                            transient      
user-121.slice                             transient      
user.slice                                 static         
acpid.socket                               enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled        
cups.socket                                enabled        
dbus.socket                                static         
rpcbind.socket                             enabled        
saned.socket                               disabled       
snapd.socket                               enabled        
syslog.socket                              static         
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static         
systemd-initctl.socket                     static         
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static         
systemd-journald.socket                    static         
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static         
uuidd.socket                               enabled        
swapfile.swap                              generated      
basic.target                               static         
bluetooth.target                           static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static         
cryptsetup.target                          static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled       
default.target                             static         
emergency.target                           static         
exit.target                                disabled       
final.target                               static         
friendly-recovery.target                   static         
getty-pre.target                           static         
getty.target                               static         
graphical.target                           static         
halt.target                                disabled       
hibernate.target                           static         
hybrid-sleep.target                        static         
initrd-fs.target                           static         
initrd-root-device.target                  static         
initrd-root-fs.target                      static         
initrd-switch-root.target                  static         
initrd.target                              static         
kexec.target                               disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                        static         
local-fs.target                            static         
multi-user.target                          static         
network-online.target                      static         
network-pre.target                         static         
network.target                             static         
nfs-client.target                          enabled        
nss-lookup.target                          static         
nss-user-lookup.target                     static         
paths.target                               static         
poweroff.target                            disabled       
printer.target                             static         
reboot.target                              disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                       static         
remote-fs.target                           enabled        
rescue.target                              static         
rpcbind.target                             static         
runlevel0.target                           disabled       
runlevel1.target                           static         
runlevel2.target                           static         
runlevel3.target                           static         
runlevel4.target                           static         
runlevel5.target                           static         
runlevel6.target                           disabled       
shutdown.target                            static         
sigpwr.target                              static         
sleep.target                               static         
slices.target                              static         
smartcard.target                           static         
sockets.target                             static         
sound.target                               static         
spice-vdagentd.target                      static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static         
suspend.target                             static         
swap.target                                static         
sysinit.target                             static         
system-update.target                       static         
time-sync.target                           static         
timers.target                              static         
umount.target                              static         
anacron.timer                              enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled        
apt-daily.timer                            enabled        
fstrim.timer                               enabled        
motd-news.timer                            enabled        
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static         
ureadahead-stop.timer                      static         

342 unit files listed.
